Put MultiJuicer under official project umbrella (#8)
OWASP/www-project-juice-shop: tab_supporters.md

[Björn Kimminich](https://kimminich.de)'s eBook have been donated to the
project between 09/2017 and 07/2019.

#### MultiJuicer Maintenance

> MultiJuicer was originally developed (and is still maintained primarily) by [iteratec](https://www.iteratec.de/). It became an official part of the OWASP Juice Shop project 05/2023.

Reviewer: probably best to link to the english speaking variant of the website here :)

```suggestion
MultiJuicer was originally developed (and is still maintained primarily) by [iteratec](https://www.iteratec.com/en/). It became an official part of the OWASP Juice Shop project 05/2023.
```
